## Discounted Cash Flow Modeller

This modeller is designed to automate the process of creating a discounted cash flow model and be as dynamic and time-saving as possible. The python script uses the SEC API to scrape information from 10-K filings of U.S. publicly listed companies. The program takes 3 command line arguments: `ticker = argv[1] start_year = argv[2] end_year = argv[3]` The first argument takes the ticker of the company you want to model and the next two arguments takes the range of years of 10-K filings you want to use. For example, `python3 dcfmodel.py msft 2020 2023` scrapes data from every 10-K filing by Microsoft between 01/01/2020 to 31/12/2023. Keep in mind that different companies have different fiscal years when choosing your start year. The program creates a copy of "template.xlsx" with the name of the company (e.g. msft.xlsx) to input the data into. The program will then tell you how many 10-K's were filed in this period (in this case 2) and will tell you as it runs what years it has inputted data from (e.g. inserted data from 2021). It then organises this infomation and inputs the information into an excel spreadsheet.

The data is projected 7 years into the future using a number of assumptions which can be customised within the excel file e.g. 10% revenue assumption increases the revenue by 10% over the forecast period. By default all the assumptions are at 0%. With a combination of calculations in python and in excel, it calculates the Weighted Average Cost of Capital, using the Capital Asset Pricing Model and calculates a terminal value using the perpetuity growth method. One advantage of this program, aside from saving time in transcribing data and manipulating excel is that it standardises all the information from a 10-K filing so that the headings are the same and information is in the same place everytime. These headings can be customised in the python file for whoever wants to take this and tailor it to their own needs or improve it.
